## Unibit-Assignment
- Here is the Explanation of the given problem

1. First I am taking a function , that is `firstCombinationPairs` and it takes two arguments like `arr` and `target` (given in the question) and it returns a `2D array` that combination of some pairs. whose absolute sum is equal to the target value. It iterates over the array using nested loops and checks if the absolute sum of the current pair matches the `target`. If a pair is found, it checks if it is already present in the pairs list to avoid duplicates. If not, it adds the pair to the pairs list. Finally, it converts the list of pairs to a `2D array` and returns it.
2. Then, I merged all the `combination pairs` and sorted it .After that i return it in a single array or `1D array`.
3. Next, I am taking a function , that is `doubleTargetValue` and it takes `target` that was given in question, it returns doubled target value or `target*2`.
5. Then, The `secondCombinationPairs` function takes an array of integers like `nums` and a target value like `target`. It initializes an empty list named `combinations` to store the combinations. It sorts the `nums` array and then calls the `backtrack` function to perform a depth-first search to find combinations whose sum is equal to the target. It creates a 2D array `result` and populates it with the combinations found. Finally, it returns the `result` array.
6. After that, The `backtrack` function perform the depth-first search. It takes the `nums` array, the remaining target value, the current index value that is `start`, the `current combination`, and the list of `combinations`. If the remaining target reaches `zero`, it means a combination with the desired sum has been found, so it `push` a copy of the current combination to the `combinations` list. Otherwise, it explores all possible combinations by iterating over the numbers starting from the `start` index. It skips duplicates to avoid duplicate `combinations` and `breaks` the loop if a number is already greater than the remaining `target` value. It recursively calls itself with the updated parameters after adding the `current number` to the `combination`. After the recursive call `returns`, it removes the `last number` from the `current combination`.
7. Finally, I call all the function that are `firstCombinationPairs` for first combination value and console it then, I call `mergeSortedArray` function for checking the array is a single array or not , merged and sorted. Next , I call `doubleTargetvalue` function and console it for checking the value is `doubled or not`. After that, I call the `secondCombinationPairs` for checking tha last `possible pairs`. 
8. This way i solved this problem.If any queries are  arises please reach out to me.